Initial GOV.UK PAAS guide (#44)
DFE-Digital/technical-guidance: guides/default-technology-stack.md

### GOV.UK PaaS

> We are currently exploring usage of [GOV.UK Platform as a Service](https://www.cloud.service.gov.uk/) as a secondary offering for applications requiring less customisation than infrastructure as a service like Azure.

Reviewer: "a secondary offering for applications requiring less customisation than provided by a full infrastructure-as-a-service platform such as Azure"

Think that's clearer

> We are currently exploring usage of [GOV.UK Platform as a Service](https://www.cloud.service.gov.uk/) as a secondary offering for applications requiring less customisation than infrastructure as a service like Azure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are currently exploring usage of [GOV.UK Platform as a Service](https://www.cloud.service.gov.uk/) as a secondary offering for applications requiring less customisation than provided by a full infrastructure-as-a-service platform such as Azure. It is suitable for less complex web services that follow typical GOV.UK patterns.
```

> Several production applications are already running on GOV.UK PaaS but it still needs to be approved by the DfE architecture and security teams on a case-by-case basis. This is currently being progressed.

Reviewer: Can add "Please speak with your architecture partner or contact architecture.services@education.gov.uk"
